Docs: clarify deprecation in "Parameter lifecycle" (#4499)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/about-versioning.md

## Deprecated features

> Deprecated features are usable until the release which indicates their removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated features are usable until (and including) the release that indicates their removal.
```

Author: the release which indicates their removal does _not_ contain the features. So your edit wouldn't be correct.

Reviewer: Please have another look at my edited feedback.
